docs: provide docs for Log Analytics resource type Scraper (#34)
promitor/docs: docs/scraping/providers/log-analytics.md

---
tags:
  - Scraper
  - Data
---

# Azure Log Analytics

![Availability Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Available%20Starting-v2.9-green.svg)![Resource Discovery Support Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Support%20for%20Resource%20Discovery-No-red.svg)

You can declare to scrape an Azure Log Analytics via the `LogAnalytics` resource type.

The following fields need to be provided:

> - `name` - The name of the Azure Log Analytics

Reviewer: Why do we need the name if we have the workspace ID?

Author: We need name to buildResourceUrl

Reviewer: In that case, doesn't `name` and `id` feel better since they are both for the workspace?

Author: I just feel that `id` maybe subscriptionID or workspaceID. I prefer `workspaceName` and `workspaceId` . What do you think ?

<img width="784" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14363009/195016384-92507380-0188-4737-8b9e-4750bcb157bd.png">

> - `workspaceId` - The workspaceId of the Log Analytics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `workspaceId` - The workspace ID of the Azure Log Analytics resource
```

> LogAnlaytics is different resource compare to others azure metric. So you need to replace azureMetricConfiguration field with logAnalyticsConfiguration field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Azure Log Analytics scraper is configured differently compare to others Azure resources. Ensure that `logAnalyticsConfiguration` is configured instead of `azureMetricConfiguration`:
```
